EDU-1066: Clarify that pricing includes support (#2339)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud/pricing-support.md

  - explanation
---

> When signing up for Temporal Cloud, you select a support plan—either Basic or Premium—and gain access to our support organization of developer success engineers and solution architects. Our experts assist with a range of work streams from Workflow design reviews to setting up observability to break/fix support with an agreed-upon set of SLAs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When signing up for Temporal Cloud, select a support plan—either Basic or Premium—and gain access to our support organization, which includes developer success engineers and solution architects. Our experts assist with a range of work streams, from Workflow design reviews to setting up observability, and from break/fix support to maintaining an agreed-upon set of SLAs.
```

Reviewer: I know you didn't write it, but I really don't like the `break/fix` line. Would troubleshooting be better?
We aren't dividing break by fix.

> When signing up for Temporal Cloud, select a support plan—either Basic or Premium—and gain access to our support organization, which includes developer success engineers and solution architects. Our experts assist with a range of work streams, from Workflow design reviews to setting up observability, and from break/fix support to maintaining an agreed-upon set of SLAs.

Author: ```suggestion
When signing up for Temporal Cloud, select a support plan—either Basic or Premium—and gain access to our support organization, which includes developer success engineers and solution architects. Our experts assist with a range of work streams, from Workflow design reviews to setting up observability, and from troubleshooting support to maintaining an agreed-upon set of SLAs.
```

Reviewer: Like it.
